{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red25\green25\blue25;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12941\c12941\c12941;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh15200\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
************ Texto generado *********************\
The lAhlj eA >AAhe >h. ewwwhjwf.fhlAAfe>w>Aw>A>j> fA.hjffe>fjf.Aelwe.jfwAjAh> w>wej.fj.jfw  >whhjlf ew>.j .e>Aw>f>hjA ew el>AAl>fhAAj>>A wlhwhew>lAj. lwhje wwj>fw hlfhwAee.lfhelAl jfffwlj.f wefAh hfwA>f ffw.lj.wj eAh.h>f.lhf> .>Ajlj.eAjweAw>fe.lhf.hlfAAel>AA>hlh w. f>A >A .>.jwljjw>>.ljfjw>>hw eAe>  >hh>lAl>lf l wljjA h>wlAhljf>efwhf AfAfA A f.jh e .>eheel  he>Ah .f.jfjeeejelAA..>Ahlheh> >elwf lwee f wwj w>ef.l>.ehlff Afe.l>jfjll.fjhhhjhhe>j.je.ffj Ahj Ah>hwj.eee> h>j>j>jw.jhfhlhj>AA.lA fjj fwjflewwh\
************ FIN Texto generado *********************\
Epoch: 1/70... Step: 0... Loss: 4.5174... Val Loss: 4.4708\
/usr/local/lib/python3.6/dist-packages/numpy/core/fromnumeric.py:3335: RuntimeWarning: Mean of empty slice.\
  out=out, **kwargs)\
/usr/local/lib/python3.6/dist-packages/numpy/core/_methods.py:161: RuntimeWarning: invalid value encountered in double_scalars\
  ret = ret.dtype.type(ret / rcount)\
************ Texto generado *********************\
The will be shallow and a mug from \
his father with me back a friend of my he as \
contained from the right from his shining woold in \
the conversution, and it\'92d have been arrars,.. And they \
looked around the dream, a widd for them. The floor they \
were two tail once two striggling, again, person was \
pusted:, stoan so dysutionly and left their cage of \
Helpotion a platter to that he was following. \
\
\'93It\'92s a beliel.\'94 \
\
\'93And he\'92s apprehensed you!\'94 said Lupin cheerfully, \
so alone with a shadow, the co\
************ FIN Texto generado *********************\
Epoch: 7/70... Step: 4000... Loss: 1.2047... Val Loss: 1.1358\
************ Texto generado *********************\
The don\'92t want to. \
\
Sirius\'92s a shall moves wants out of your daggers if that \
yourself would think they\'92re daving before. You say to \
tell they\'92d let me but back to Hermione. This sort of \
ten since she might\'92ve done that I silch clushed your one \
and take him alone, since it made the doar of off op \
too five the case, and it thought.\'94 \
\
Harry stood up again. He picked out Harry as she \
looked suddenly in the real wall, and then all the \
father struggled hit a welcome again. Harry was \
staring black\
************ FIN Texto generado *********************\
Epoch: 14/70... Step: 8000... Loss: 1.1385... Val Loss: 1.0713\
************ Texto generado *********************\
The took into trainers about them. The \
My field happened, she seized the lank. \
\
\'93He set around a second to go through the two side.\'94 \
\
\'93Harry, you are. I can face my twelve members on the \
floor.\'94 \
\
He looked satisfactory behind it. They could say \
horrors to the first large string of lesson, staring the \
different. \
\
\'93Well, had this to get him, we\'92re lessons on the mention \
by Hagrid hat for the Daily Prophet for him fast the \
stadium injured by tears!\'94 Ron snarled, \'93thrass your \
father in a first\
************ FIN Texto generado *********************\
Epoch: 21/70... Step: 12000... Loss: 1.0514... Val Loss: 1.0458\
************ Texto generado *********************\
The seem to stop without warning too.). \
\
\'93Wow \'97 \'94 \
\
\'93What?\'94 said George, and asked the country trying to \
ten what he had been turned. \
\
\'93He didn\'92t look about! You want to crack it?\'94 \
\
\'93Yes, I\'92ve got a certain teacher out of the mirror into \
the place,\'94 said Harry. \'93I\'92m not telling us,\'94 he was \
trying to catch his people fell. Blooding on this way. \
Hermione was sitting at him his head. \'93Well, now, it\'92s all \
wizard\'92s chance, isn\'92t it?\'94 \
\
\'93She\'92s no soon?\'94 Hermione muttered, though words \
side at the \
************ FIN Texto generado *********************\
Epoch: 27/70... Step: 16000... Loss: 1.0519... Val Loss: 1.0316\
************ Texto generado *********************\
The hats the fool of the faintly time if they were \
supposed to go!\'94 \
\
Ron and Hermione looked around to allow him at \
Dumbledore. Hermione getting a second one, a scar over \
his scand. They heard its silver wave like a sort of \
whistle, his hands flustered with touch and \
called him toward the common room. \
\
\'93Where\'92s he worse?\'94 said Hermione, though standing \
up the savage trunk overhead. \'93I think it says you\'92ll go.\'94 \
\
He had no one was so to decear Harry, somebody \
would start careful outside Harry\
************ FIN Texto generado *********************\
Epoch: 34/70... Step: 20000... Loss: 1.0370... Val Loss: 1.0217\
************ Texto generado *********************\
The shumbled \
\
\
\
Page | 135 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets - J.K. Rowling \
\
\
\
\
Harry could take following subjects and saw the \
whole weird sob. \
\
\'93Yeah, I don\'92t suppose that your bathroom told you of \
me,\'94 said Hermione, apparently tightly as someone \
else did not want to hear anything in several \
mountain-contumering manic way: Its feet, Harry \
went on, and watched him tree. \
\
\'93Oh ... yes, all right, Harry \'97 \'94 \
\
\'93Harry,\'94 said Ron. He felt a funny substracking look \
at Harry, but there were\
************ FIN Texto generado *********************\
Epoch: 41/70... Step: 24000... Loss: 1.0249... Val Loss: 1.0145\
************ Texto generado *********************\
The \
\
\
\
\
\
Madame Maxime turned to a footsteps in the \
lower grunt. The whole of the banished pocket of his \
brain stood up, stolen with lunch brown bangs in this \
conversation, but his sucking soft, stained light was \
gazing at the same mirror and howled on a staff in the \
end of the steps and added it. \
\
The bullet other the holidays were closing in through the \
face and he limped around, shooting off his feet. \
There was no sign. \
\
\
\
Page | 453 Harry Potter and the Cramber of Secrets - J.K. Rowling\
************ FIN Texto generado *********************\
Epoch: 48/70... Step: 28000... Loss: 1.0139... Val Loss: 1.0123\
************ Texto generado *********************\
The have much forced to think it splattered \
on entrance, and watching Harry around her eyes. \
\
\'93Harry Potter!\'94 Harry said, spiders. \'93This might be \
stupid with a before ten mantymonic down her front \
spectacles!\'94 \
\
Page | 168Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix - J.K. Rowling \
\
\
\
\
\'93We didn\'92t keep this for saying you, Mad-Eye. Something \
else, Hermione?\'94 \
\
Harry heard Ron and Hermione. The last time he \
did, and then said, \'93Dobby has not even belonged to \
that badge, you\'92ve had all mysterious. I\
************ FIN Texto generado *********************\
Epoch: 54/70... Step: 32000... Loss: 0.9966... Val Loss: 1.0042\
************ Texto generado *********************\
The stairs as the windows shot from the window. \
\
He doubled into a clit safely at him. \
\
\'93Here!\'94 \
\
The strip had been coming down by a front of his surface \
before his car her head raised away. \
\
\'93How did you want to discuss, he is into him,\'94 said \
Hermione, looking relieved, pointing down at a \
cuntase. \'93Don\'92t help you in the potion. I wanted to \
take you down in my dive from the time there, we\'92ll stop \
a master for another time to chow her and wait a \
thought for it. ... It hasn\'92t more caught in t\
************ FIN Texto generado *********************\
Epoch: 61/70... Step: 36000... Loss: 1.0058... Val Loss: 1.0018\
************ Texto generado *********************\
The asked the fudise that Harry\'92s farewell \
was back. He dodged his head turned back into his \
finger. A terrible laugh hurried around him \'97 and he \
thought he might be a least of finishing the classroom. \
Shall he could have got back to Hogwarts, Harry \
laughed. Harry stepped out of floor, where the \
dementor was going to do that over, stroke of purple \
hands as he could, ten wood almost as hard, and the \
dark bottle home sparkling toward them, at the \
stands at the moment. Harry spurted out of his \
************ FIN Texto generado *********************\
Epoch: 68/70... Step: 40000... Loss: 0.9799... Val Loss: 1.0012}